Community Guidelines
Overview
Released April 17, 2024

Effective May 17, 2024

TikTok is a source of entertainment and enrichment where you can discover, create, and connect with others across the world. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy.

We have Community Guidelines to create a welcoming, safe, and entertaining experience. The guidelines apply to everyone and everything on our platform. They include rules for what is allowed on TikTok, as well as standards for what is eligible for the For You feed (FYF). To address new risks and harms, the guidelines are updated on an ongoing basis.

To help you read through the guidelines, we organize them by topic area, and highlight each rule in bold. Under each section you can click More information for definitions, examples, and clarifications to common questions. The examples do not cover everything (we are telling you this now so that you do not have to repeatedly read the phrase "including, but not limited to"). If you are ever in doubt about what to share, please remember to be kind and treat others the way that you would want to be treated.

Thank you for helping to keep TikTok a welcoming space for everyone!

Content Moderation

Keeping our platform safe, trustworthy, and vibrant requires balancing creative expression and preventing harm. We use a combination of safety approaches to strike the right balance:


Remove content that we do not allow

Everyone who joins TikTok has the ability to freely share content on the platform. However, we remove content--whether posted publicly or privately--when we find that it violates our rules.


Restrict content that is not suitable for youth

We allow a range of content on our platform, but also recognize that not all of it may be suitable for younger audiences. We restrict content that may not be suitable so that it is only viewed by adults (18 years and older). A summary of restricted content categories can be found here.


Make ineligible for the FYF content that does not meet our recommendation standards

The FYF is an opportunity to discover new content and reach new audiences, but it is not guaranteed that all content will be recommended. Content that does not meet our standards will be ineligible for the FYF. A summary of these standards can be found here.


Empower our community with information, tools, and resources

We want to make sure you have the right information to help you manage your experience on TikTok. We may add labels, "opt-in" screens, or warnings to provide more context. Our safety toolkit can help you to filter out content with specific hashtags or comments that you are not comfortable seeing, and we also offer account controls and in-app features with safety resources.

Community Principles
Released April 17, 2024

Effective May 17, 2024

TikTok has eight guiding community principles that are grounded in safety and our commitment to respecting human rights. Our principles shape our day-to-day work and guide how we approach difficult enforcement decisions. They are centered on these themes:

Balancing harm prevention and expression
Embracing human dignity
Ensuring our actions are fair
We recognize that sometimes these principles will be in tension with each other, and we carefully consider when we weigh one over another. These considerations are informed by international legal frameworks and industry best practices, including the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the International Bill of Human Rights, the Convention on the Rights of Children, and the Santa Clara Principles. We also seek input from our community, safety and public health experts, and our Advisory Councils.

1. Prevent harm: Our primary focus is keeping TikTok safe and a place for joy. We consider the many ways that content or behavior may impact our diverse community. This includes individual physical, psychological, financial, and privacy harms, as well as societal harms. To strike the right balance with free expression, we restrict content only when necessary and in a way that seeks to minimize the impact on speech.
2. Enable free expression: The creativity unlocked by expression is what powers our vibrant community. We honor this principle by providing the opportunity to share freely on our platform while also proactively addressing behavior that can inhibit speech of others. However, free expression is not an absolute right – it is always considered in proportion to its potential harm, and does not extend to having your content recommended in the For You feed.
3. Foster civility: Civility creates respect between people and helps communities thrive. The way we engage with each other online can sometimes threaten positive interactions with others, so being civil on TikTok is critical to fulfilling our mission. This means acknowledging everyone’s inherent dignity and conducting ourselves as if we were face-to-face. To ensure space for expression, we do allow more latitude for social critique of public figures.
4. Respect local context: TikTok brings together over a billion people across 150+ countries in one shared digital space. We work with regional experts and local communities to help ensure that our global approach considers the way harms are experienced across regions, and that we allow for regional applications of our guidelines, while maintaining a baseline of internationally recognized human rights.
5. Champion inclusion: We want people from around the world to feel welcome on our platform. We value and celebrate different cultures, identities, appearances, viewpoints, interests, and experiences. We know some communities historically have been afforded fewer opportunities for engagement, so we are committed to the principle of equality and mitigating harms that disproportionately affect marginalized groups.
6. Protect individual privacy: We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our community and of individuals who are shown or discussed in content on the platform. We seek to ensure that content shared on the platform does not expose anyone’s personal information or invade their intimate privacy.
7. Provide transparency and consistency: We want everyone to know what our rules and standards are and how we apply them. We seek to provide clear notice of our policies and practices, to apply them consistently and equitably, and to share our enforcement efforts in our Transparency Center. We will be clear throughout the guidelines when we need to prioritize another principle over consistency, such as local context or inclusion.
8. Be fair and just: Moderating millions of pieces of content each day is a complex effort, and developing a trusted process to do so is foundational. We are committed to being impartial and evidence-based, producing fair outcomes, giving notice of enforcement actions, and providing an opportunity to appeal.

Youth Safety and Well-Being
Released April 17, 2024

Effective May 17, 2024

We are deeply committed to TikTok being a safe and positive experience for people under the age of 18 (we refer to them as "youth" or "young people"). This starts by being old enough to use TikTok. You must be 13 years and older to have an account. There are additional age limitations based on local law in some regions.

In the United States, there is a separate under-13 TikTok experience that offers additional safeguards, including restricting interactive features, content suitability assessments from Common Sense Networks, and a dedicated Privacy Policy. If you create a new account in the United States with a birthdate that shows you are under the age of 13, you will automatically enter into this experience.

If we learn someone is below the minimum age to have an account on TikTok, we will ban that account. If you believe you were incorrectly banned, you can appeal the decision. Anyone can report accounts that they suspect are under the minimum age, either in-app or online.

We do not allow content that may put young people at risk of psychological, physical, or developmental harm. If we become aware an account holder has a severe violation or has committed a sexual offense against a young person, we will ban the account, as well as any other accounts belonging to that person. We report incidents of youth sexual abuse and exploitation to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC). We also report to relevant law enforcement authorities when there is a specific, credible, and imminent threat to human life or serious physical injury.

To provide young people with an experience that is developmentally suitable and a safe space for self-exploration, we take several steps including:

Setting minimum age requirements for access to certain product features, including being 16 years and older to have your content be eligible for the FYF
Using restrictive default privacy settings
Developing content levels to restrict content that may not be suitable for people under the age of 18, and providing you with content filtering options
You can learn more about TikTok's tools, controls, and educational content on our Youth Portal and in our Guardian’s Guide.

We allow a range of content on our platform, but some of it is only made available to adults. Here is a consolidated "quick guide" of content restricted from younger audiences.


RESTRICTED (18 years and older)

Disordered Eating and Body Image

Showing, describing, promoting, or offering or requesting coaching for potentially harmful weight management behaviors including:
Restrictive low-calorie diets, such as extended intermittent fasting
Using medication or supplements for weight loss or muscle gain, such as anabolic steroid use
Exercises designed for rapid and significant weight loss, such as cardio routines that promise to help you lose a waist size in a week
Promoting weight loss or muscle gain products, such as sharing a before-and-after transformation
Promoting body types as ideal or perfect, when associated with potentially harmful weight management behaviors
Showing or promoting cosmetic surgery that does not include risk warnings, including before-and-after images, videos of surgical procedures, and messages discussing elective cosmetic surgery
Dangerous Activity and Challenges

Showing activity that involves visible or imminent moderate physical harm, or promoting activity that is likely to lead to moderate physical harm
Showing activity that is likely to be imitated and may lead to any physical harm
Nudity and Body Exposure

Showing semi-nudity of adults, such as wearing only nipple covers or underwear that does not cover the majority of the buttocks
Sexually Suggestive Content

Showing adults engaging in intimate kissing, sexualized framing, or sexualized behavior
Showing sex products
Shocking and Graphic Content

Showing human or animal blood
Showing extreme physical fighting
Showing graphic or potentially distressing footage of events that are in the public interest to view, such as clashes with law enforcement or the aftermath of a bombing or natural disaster
Gambling

Showing or glamorizing gambling or gambling-like activities, such as filming someone gambling or making any general positive statements about gambling
Alcohol, Tobacco, and Drugs

Discussing drugs or other regulated substances (as long as the substances are not being used or shown)
Showing the consumption of excessive amounts of alcohol by adults
Promoting tobacco products
Showing the consumption of tobacco products by adults
Promoting alcohol products

Safety and Civility
Released April 17, 2024

Effective May 17, 2024

Physical and psychological safety form the foundation of individual well-being, and civility is key to a thriving community. Being civil does not mean you must always agree, but rather it is about recognizing everyone's inherent dignity and being respectful in action, words, and tone when engaging others.

Violent and Criminal Behavior
We are committed to bringing people together in a way that does not lead to physical conflict. We recognize that online content related to violence can cause real-world harm. We do not allow any violent threats, promotion of violence, incitement to violence, or promotion of criminal activities that may harm people, animals, or property.

If there is a specific, credible, and imminent threat to human life or serious physical injury, we report it to relevant law enforcement authorities.

For details on how we approach content that contains images of violence but does not promote violence, see Shocking and Graphic Content.


NOT ALLOWED

Threatening or expressing a desire to cause physical injury to a person or a group
Promoting or inciting violence, such as encouraging an attack or others to attack, praising a violent act, or recommending people bring weapons to a location to intimidate others
Promoting theft, or the destruction of property or the natural environment
Providing instructions on how to commit criminal activities that may harm people, animals, or property

ALLOWED

Threats of violence in fictional settings

Hate Speech and Hateful Behavior
TikTok is enriched by the diversity of our community. Our differences should be embraced, rather than a cause for division. We do not allow any hate speech, hateful behavior, or promotion of hateful ideologies. This includes explicit or implicit content that attacks a protected group.

When there are discussions about social issues on TikTok, we want them to be respectful. Content may be ineligible for the FYF when it indirectly demeans protected groups.

Learn more about our work to counter hate, as well as tools that can help limit unwanted interactions, including restricting options for comments, duet, stitch, and messaging.

Hateful ideologies are systems of beliefs that exclude, oppress, or otherwise discriminate against individuals based on their protected attributes.

Protected groups means individuals or communities that share protected attributes.

Protected attributes mean personal characteristics that you are either born with, are immutable, or it would cause severe psychological harm if you were forced to change them or were attacked because of them. This includes:

Caste
Ethnicity
National Origin
Race
Religion
Tribe
Immigration Status
Gender
Gender Identity
Sex
Sexual Orientation
Disability
Serious Disease
In addition, we also provide some protections related to age, and may consider other protected attributes when we have additional context, such as specific regional information provided to us by a local non-governmental organization (NGO). The attributes listed above are informed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and international conventions.


NOT ALLOWED

Promoting violence, segregation, discrimination, and other harms on the basis of a protected attribute
Promoting any hateful ideology, including:
Claiming supremacy over a protected group, such as racial supremacy, misogyny, anti-LGBTQ+, antisemitism, or Islamophobia
Making conspiratorial statements that target a protected group, such as supporting the Great Replacement Theory or saying that Jewish people control the media
Using associated symbols and images
Facilitating the trade or marketing of any items that promote hate speech or hateful ideologies, such as books or clothing with hateful logos
Dehumanizing someone on the basis of their protected attributes by saying or implying they are physically, mentally, or morally inferior, or calling them degrading terms, such as saying they are criminals or animals, or comparing them to inanimate objects
Using a hateful slur associated with a protected attribute
Denying, or minimizing the scale of, well-documented historical events that harmed protected groups, such as denying the existence of the Holocaust or the genocide against the Tutsi in Rwanda
Accusing a protected group of being responsible for bad acts caused by one person with that protected attribute, such as using one example of harmful behavior caused by an immigrant to suggest all immigrants are dangerous
Content that dehumanizes or denies the existence of people because of their protected attributes, such as saying people have a mental illness if they identify as transgender
Deadnaming or misgendering someone by using their former name or gender rather than their chosen identity, or by promoting conversion therapy programs that attempt to change a person's sexual orientation or gender identity

FYF INELIGIBLE

Some content that uses stereotypes, insinuation, or indirect statements that may implicitly demean protected groups

ALLOWED

Slurs that are reclaimed by the targeted community in a way that is not degrading, such as using a slur in a song or to refer to yourself
Educational and documentary content that raises awareness about the harm of hate speech, including slurs when they are used to discuss a related harm
Counterspeech, condemnation of, or satire about hateful ideologies
Discussion of social issues that impact protected groups, including in policy debates (as long as it does not attack people on the basis of a protected attribute)


Violent and Hateful Organizations and Individuals
We want you to share what inspires you, but TikTok is not a place to spread beliefs or propaganda that encourage violence or hate. We do not allow the presence of violent and hateful organizations or individuals on our platform. These actors include violent extremists, violent criminal organizations, violent political organizations, hateful organizations, and individuals who cause serial or mass violence. If we become aware that any of these actors may be on our platform, we will conduct a thorough review - including off-platform behavior - which may result in an account ban.

Often the ideas of these actors are amplified by others. We do not allow anyone to promote or provide material support to violent or hateful actors. Content that may appear neutral, such as featuring a quote from a hateful organization or individual, must make clear that there is no intent to promote it. We make limited exceptions for discussions about violent political organizations.


Material support means giving financial contributions, goods, or services to promote violent organizations or individuals, or their cause. This includes recruitment, fundraising, selling merchandise, and promoting training materials.

Violent extremists are non-state groups, including those designated by the United Nations, that threaten or use violence against civilians for political, religious, ethnic, or ideological reasons.

Violent criminal organizations are transnational, national, or local groups that commit serious crimes, including violence, trafficking, and kidnapping.

Violent political organizations are non-state actors that commit violent acts primarily against state actors (such as a national military) rather than civilians, as part of ongoing political disputes (such as territorial claims).

Hateful organizations are groups who target people on the basis of protected attributes, including inciting hate, dehumanizing individuals or groups, and promoting hateful ideologies.


NOT ALLOWED

Accounts operated by organizations or individuals that promote violence or hateful ideologies on or off-platform
Providing material support to violent political organizations or promoting violence caused by them
Promoting (including any praise, celebration, or sharing of manifestos) or providing material support to:
Hateful organizations
Individuals who cause serial or mass violence, or promote hateful ideologies
Violent criminal organizations
Violent extremists

ALLOWED

Discussing a violent political organization (as long as there is no promotion of violence)
Educational and documentary content that raises awareness about the harm of violent and hateful actors

Youth Sexual and Physical Abuse
We are deeply committed to TikTok being a safe and positive experience for young people. We do not allow showing, promoting, or engaging in youth sexual or physical abuse or exploitation. This includes child sexual abuse material (CSAM), grooming, sextortion, sexual solicitation, pedophilia, and physical or psychological harm of young people.

We report incidents of youth sexual abuse and exploitation and abuse to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC). We also report to relevant law enforcement authorities when there is a specific, credible, and imminent threat to human life or serious physical injury. If you see suspected CSAM, report it immediately in-app or on our website. Do not download, capture, or share CSAM content in any way.

If you or someone you know has experienced youth sexual abuse or exploitation, support is available. Contact a helpline or service provider in your region. If you are in immediate danger, contact your local emergency services.

Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) means any sexualized material of a young person that is shared or created by anyone, including self-generated CSAM, or highly realistic-appearing digital or AI-generated content. Sexualized material includes content that implies or shows sexual activities or sexual abuse, sexualization of a youth body, or fetishization of youth body parts.

Grooming is when someone becomes friendly or otherwise builds a trusting relationship with a young person for the purpose of sexual abuse or exploitation.

Sextortion is a threat to share nude, intimate, or sexually explicit content without consent, usually to get money, sexual acts, or more nude, intimate, or sexually explicit content.

Sexual harassment is unwanted sexual communication or behavior directed at a person. This includes sexualization through the platform (such as imitating a sexual act through a duet or a sticker), making statements about intimate body parts or sexual performance, or sharing or threatening to share information about a person's sexual life (such as sexual history or partners, or sexual orientation).

Intimate body parts means genitalia, buttocks, and breasts (including nipple and areola).


NOT ALLOWED

Showing, promoting, or engaging in youth sexual or physical abuse or exploitation, including:
Child sexual abuse material (CSAM), including any screenshot or any clip from the original material even if it does not show nudity or sexual activity
Romantic relationships between an adult and young person, including pedophilia, or self-identifying as an adult attracted to young people
Grooming behavior
Sextortion
Sexual harassment
Sexual solicitation, including inviting a young person to engage in a sexual act, go off-platform, or share sexually explicit images (even if invited by another young person)
Showing or promoting physical abuse, neglect, endangerment, or psychological abuse of young people
Revictimizing young people who have experienced abuse or exploitation, including through third party reshares

ALLOWED

Educational and documentary content related to the harms of abuse or exploitation (as long as it does not show or graphically describe such content)

Adult Sexual and Physical Abuse
We are committed to providing a space that embraces gender equity, supports healthy relationships, and respects intimate privacy. Undermining these values can cause trauma and may lead to physical and psychological harm. We do not allow showing, promoting, or engaging in adult sexual or physical abuse or exploitation. This includes non-consensual sexual acts, image-based sexual abuse, sextortion, physical abuse, and sexual harassment.

If you or someone you know has experienced abuse or exploitation, support is available. Contact a helpline or service provider in your region. If you are in immediate danger, contact your local emergency services. If you believe you have experienced an intimate privacy violation on our platform, you can report it.

Non-consensual sexual acts means any sexual contact that happens without the consent of everyone involved in the activity. This includes any non-consensual sexual contact, such as rape and molestation.

Image-based sexual abuse is possessing, distributing, or providing instructions on how to create or access intimate images (real or altered) of an individual that were created or distributed for a sexual purpose without their consent. Content may be distributed without consent even if it appears to have been taken with consent.

Sextortion is a threat to share nude, intimate, or sexually explicit content without consent, usually to get money, sexual acts, or more nude, intimate, or sexually explicit content.

Sexual harassment is unwanted sexual communication or behavior directed at a person. This includes sexualization through the platform (such as imitating a sexual act through a duet or a sticker), making statements about intimate body parts or sexual performance, or sharing or threatening to share information about a person's sexual life (such as sexual history or partners, or sexual orientation).

Intimate body parts means genitalia, buttocks, and breasts (including nipple and areola).


NOT ALLOWED

Showing, promoting, or engaging in:
Non-consensual sexual acts, image-based sexual abuse, or physical abuse (domestic violence)
Sexual harassment
Sextortion

ALLOWED

Survivors of abuse or exploitation sharing their own experiences (as long as it does not show or graphically describe such content)
Educational and documentary content that raises awareness about the harm of sexual exploitation and gender-based violence (as long as it does not show or graphically describe such content)

Human Trafficking and Smuggling
We are committed to upholding individual human dignity and ensuring TikTok is not used to take advantage of vulnerable people. We do not allow human trafficking and smuggling. We understand how important it is for survivors of human trafficking and smuggling to share their stories, and for migrants to be able to document their journeys, so we provide a space to do so.

We report incidents of youth sex trafficking to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC). We also report to relevant law enforcement authorities when there is a specific, credible, and imminent threat to human life or serious physical injury.

Human trafficking is a form of modern slavery that can occur domestically or internationally and involves the recruitment of victims, coordination of their transport, and their exploitation using force, fraud, coercion, or deception. It can include sex, labor, child, or organ trafficking, forced marriage, forced criminality (such as exploitative begging), domestic servitude, and child soldiers.

Human smuggling involves earning a profit by helping a person to illegally enter another country. It can include providing transportation, consultation, identity, and travel document fraud.


NOT ALLOWED

Facilitating or coordinating human smuggling acts and services
Recruiting or coordinating human trafficking acts

ALLOWED

Expressing a desire to migrate to another country, or showing a migrant's journey (as long as it does not explicitly show the involvement of smugglers in their journey)
Asking for help or sharing information about how to leave a country as a result of human rights related abuses or a humanitarian crisis
Survivors sharing their own experiences of human trafficking and smuggling
Educational and documentary content that raises awareness about the harm of human trafficking and smuggling

Harassment and Bullying
We welcome the respectful expression of different viewpoints, and want to ensure that anyone can share their voice without the fear of being degraded or bullied. We do not allow harassing, degrading, or bullying statements or behavior. This includes responding to such acts with retaliatory harassment.

We recognize that public figures are in a position of public attention, have ways to counter negative speech, and that some content related to them may be in the public interest to view. We do allow some negative or critical comments or images about public figures. However, we still remove content that violates other policies (such as violent threats, hate speech, or sexual exploitation), as well as serious forms of harassment (such as doxxing or expressing a desire that someone experience serious physical harm).

If you or someone you know is being bullied, help is available. We offer support resources, as well as tools that can help limit harmful interactions, including restricting options for comments, duet, stitch, and messaging.

Doxxing involves publishing personal information about someone online with a malicious intent. We recognize intent can be subjective, so we use objective indicators to help us understand it, such as captions and hashtags.

Public figures are adults (18 years and older) with a significant public role, such as a government official, politician, business leader, or celebrity. We do not identify people under the age of 18 as public figures.

Private figures are all people under the age of 18, and adults (18 years and older) who are not public figures.


NOT ALLOWED

Degrading an individual who has experienced physical distress, or on the basis of their personal appearance, intelligence, or personal circumstances (such as hygiene, or health or medical history)
Showing someone being physically bullied by another person or group
Degrading or revictimizing people who have experienced a tragedy, such as claiming that they deserved it or belittling or denying their experience
Undermining an individual's physical safety, by threatening them, or expressing a desire for them to die, get a serious disease, or experience some other severe physical harm
Threatening or inciting others to doxx or blackmail someone, or to share or hack account information
Inciting others to harass a person, or promoting coordinated harassment, such as advocating for people to post comments with abusive language, or to maliciously report an account

ALLOWED

Criticizing an individual's content or actions (as long as it does not critique their personal characteristics)
Counterspeech, or condemnation of harassment or bullying (as long as it does not involve retaliatory harassment)
Some negative or critical comments or images about public figures (as long as they do not constitute serious forms of harassment or violate other policies)
Educational and documentary content that raises awareness about the harms of harassment and bullying

Mental and Behavioral Health
Released April 17, 2024

Effective May 17, 2024

We care deeply about your well-being and seek to be a source of happiness, enrichment, and belonging. We welcome people coming together to find connections, participate in shared experiences, and feel part of a broader community. We work to make sure this occurs in a supportive space that does not negatively impact your physical or psychological health.

Suicide and Self-Harm
We want TikTok to be a place where you can discuss emotionally complex topics in a supportive way without increasing the risk of harm. We do not allow showing, promoting, or sharing plans for suicide or self-harm.

If you or someone you know has had thoughts of suicide or self-harm, support is available. Contact a suicide prevention helpline in your region or your local emergency services. We may contact local emergency services, if there is a specific, credible, and imminent threat to human life or serious physical injury, such as sharing details about a plan to harm yourself.


NOT ALLOWED

Showing, promoting, or providing instructions on suicide or self-harm, and related challenges, dares, games, and pacts, including naming or describing methods
Showing or promoting suicide or self-harm hoaxes
Sharing plans for suicide or self-harm

ALLOWED

Sharing messages of hope or stories of personal experiences overcoming suicide or self-harm urges (as long as there is no mention of suicide or self-harm methods)
Sharing suicide or self-harm prevention content, such as information on suicide warning signs or how to access professional help
Sharing accurate information that is trying to reduce panic about suicide hoaxes

Disordered Eating and Body Image
We want TikTok to be a place that encourages self-esteem and does not promote negative social comparisons. We do not allow showing or promoting disordered eating and dangerous weight loss behaviors, or facilitating the trade or marketing of weight loss or muscle gain products.

Content is restricted (18 years and older) and ineligible for the FYF if it shows or promotes potentially harmful weight management, or markets weight loss or muscle gain products. Content is restricted (18 years and older), and ineligible for the FYF in some regions, if it shows cosmetic surgery and does not include risk warnings.

If you or someone you know is experiencing concerns about body image, food, or exercise, support is available. Contact a helpline in your region.

Disordered eating and dangerous weight loss behaviors means extreme dieting or fasting, or misusing medication or engaging in exercise for weight loss that may create a significant and immediate health or well-being risk.

Potentially harmful weight management means diets, medication, or exercise used for rapid or drastic weight loss or muscle gain that may create a long-term health or well-being risk.


NOT ALLOWED

Showing, describing, promoting, or offering or requesting coaching for disordered eating or dangerous weight loss behaviors, including:
Extreme low-calorie diets
Bingeing and intentional vomiting
Misusing medication or supplements for weight loss
Exercising through serious injuries or illness
Showing or promoting unhealthy body measurement and "body checking" trends, such as comparing body part size to household objects
Facilitating the trade or marketing of weight loss or muscle gain products

RESTRICTED (18 years and older)

Showing, describing, promoting, or offering or requesting coaching for potentially harmful weight management behaviors including:
Restrictive low-calorie diets, such as extended intermittent fasting
Using medication or supplements for weight loss or muscle gain, such as anabolic steroid use
Exercises designed for rapid and significant weight loss, such as cardio routines that promise to help you lose a waist size in a week
Promoting weight loss or muscle gain products, such as sharing a before-and-after transformation
Promoting body types as ideal or perfect, when associated with potentially harmful weight management behaviors
Showing or promoting cosmetic surgery that does not include risk warnings, including before-and-after images, videos of surgical procedures, and messages discussing elective cosmetic surgery

FYF INELIGIBLE

Showing, describing, promoting, or offering or requesting coaching for potentially harmful weight management behaviors including:
Restrictive low-calorie diets, such as extended intermittent fasting
Using medication or supplements for weight loss or muscle gain, such as anabolic steroid use
Exercises designed for rapid and significant weight loss, such as cardio routines that promise to help you lose a waist size in a week
Promoting weight loss or muscle gain products, such as sharing a before-and-after transformation
Promoting body types as ideal or perfect, when associated with potentially harmful weight management behaviors
Showing or promoting cosmetic surgery that does not include risk warnings, including before-and-after images, videos of surgical procedures, and messages discussing elective cosmetic surgery

ALLOWED

Condemning disordered eating, dangerous weight loss behaviors, or potentially harmful weight management (as long as it does not show or describe a diet or behavior)
Showing or describing:
Competitive eating contests, such as hot dog and pie-eating contests
Fitness routines and nutrition that are not primarily focused on extreme weight loss, such as preparing for competitive sports, marathon training, or body building competitions
Medically necessary surgery, such as including before-and-after images of the repair of a cleft lip, breast reconstruction after a mastectomy, or gender affirmation surgery
Medically necessary health interventions under the guidance of a medical or health professional, such as restrictive diets before surgery
Religious diet behavior and fasting
Physical disabilities and differently-abled bodies

Dangerous Activity and Challenges
We welcome opportunities to participate in fun and creative trends. Most activities or challenges are suitable for everyone and bring people together, but some pose a risk of significant injury. We do not allow showing or promoting dangerous activity and challenges.

Content is restricted (18 years and older) if it shows activity that is likely to be imitated and may lead to any physical harm. Content is ineligible for the FYF if it shows activity that is likely to lead to moderate physical harm. To help you manage your TikTok experience, we also apply warning information to this type of content, as well as to content showing professionals performing extreme sports and stunts. Learn more about what to do if you see an online challenge.

Dangerous activity and challenges are acts performed by non-professionals that pose inherent or known risks and which may result in significant physical harm. This includes dares, games, tricks, inappropriate use of dangerous tools, and eating substances that are harmful to an individual's health.

Significant physical harm is harm that usually requires professional medical treatment and poses a risk of temporary or permanent disability or disfigurement. This includes dislocated or broken bones, poisoning, loss of consciousness, serious burns, electrocution, concussion, and choking.

Moderate physical harm is harm that is unlikely to require professional medical treatment and does not pose a risk of disability or disfigurement. This includes small cuts with minimal blood loss and minor bruising on the body.


NOT ALLOWED

Showing dangerous activity that involves visible or imminent significant physical harm, or promoting dangerous activity
Showing or promoting:
Inappropriate use of dangerous tools, such as knives, axes, chainsaws, or welding torches
Eating or drinking substances that are dangerous for humans to consume, such as rocks or detergent
Dangerous driving behavior, such as exceeding the speed limit, running a red light, or distracted driving (including live streaming while driving)

RESTRICTED (18 years and older)

Showing activity that involves visible or imminent moderate physical harm, or promoting activity that is likely to lead to moderate physical harm
Showing activity that is likely to be imitated and may lead to any physical harm

FYF INELIGIBLE

Showing activity that involves visible or imminent moderate physical harm, or promoting activity that is likely to lead to moderate physical harm

ALLOWED

Using weapons, such as spears and shields, in ceremonial settings, religious festivals, and cultural practices